what is going on everybody my name is
japes and welcome to another episode of
my path to power apologies again for my
nasally sounding voice or whatever it
may be this cold just does not seem to
go away and I'm still freaking sick it's
starting to get a little pissed about it
because being sick sucks and it's almost
the weekend and we can it's time for
raging and boating and fun and friends
and three packs on Sundays and deck
decider speaking of which for deck
decider I need you guys to head over to
my facebook page and vote again I
briefly put out a poll last night and
said would you guys prefer nationalities
or would you prefer the league's and
nationalities took it again so I listed
the big eight nationalities and now I
just need you guys to head that way and
vote on which one or which floor you
would prefer to see me use for my path
to or for my next deck decider that will
hopefully be out tomorrow so I'm gonna
have to sell probably a lot of my cards
on as this is going up to get some coins
just in case I get some of those high of
value cards in there but Pato kicking
things off there in the fifth minute
with a nice header goal he is an
all-around complete striker there are a
lot of players you could spend way way
more coins on that then Pato but he is
worth every penny I think what did I pay
six thousand coins from in this for 23
for 23 1 formation and I'm not gonna lie
sometimes with this for 231 actually
it's mainly due to the last match that
you'll see in here but sometimes I feel
like I struggle a little bit to generate
some offense because the players don't
always get forward in the positions that
I would like them to really brilliant
passing sequence to get into the box
there and crossed it in a little bit
unlucky not to get it but it falls back
to robinho and the in-form robinho guys
and is a stellar player is he worse than
worth the extra 90 to 100 k above his
regular card I'm not convinced of it at
this point in time but I'm gonna leave
room or leave it open for discussion
eventually here but it gets into a
wonderful spot just finesses it away
clinically that is one thing that has
definitely improved that was a shot and
his movement is still just as strong he
seems just as quick obviously stills
five-star skills and his passing is
extremely good so he's one of those
players that for an informed car
if you're looking to pick up a nice
cheap brazilian five-star skill inform
rubinos definitely want to have a look
at we are still working on getting
getting Neymar's inform carbo robinho
again just a nice little passing
sequence and i found myself actually
getting into spots to kind of cross it
in with this team which isn't something
that i really like doing tons but it
sometimes the attacking mid fat or seem
to rather seem to kind of get isolated
out on the wings and the defense mids
didn't always come back one of the
dangers I found this 4231 formation is
that you can kind of get exploited down
the wings because maybe it's just the
case of my to let back or my left back
and right back really liking to get
forward but I found a lot of times if
they attack through the wings I would
find myself a bit exposed obviously I've
got help down the middle with
Schweinsteiger and Toni Kroos chillin in
the middle but it was only inevitable in
this match that Lukaku was going to get
a header I'm pretty sure if you have
Lukaku on your team or as calfreezy
would call him the steam train or steam
engine I think its steam train on your
team you're going to inevitably want to
cross it in once or twice because he's
probably going to win that header once
or twice he's very very big and strong
player somehow give up a penalty there
but we've had plenty of those penalty
calls go for us in this patch power so
i'm not going to complain too much about
it though I did guess right on the
penalty i was a bit late reacting to it
so a little bit on lucky there but in 80
or in the 90th minute now why not one
more goal let's get this sequence going
and this is just a nice passing movement
between robinho and pat oh and that is
one of rubini as improvements right
there that through ball I is an
exceptional pass to thread the needle
through all of his defenders in San Pato
in on free uncle the 90th minute and
Pato of course can do the rest with his
eyes closed using his pace to push the
ball by the keeper and put it away
clinically and of course it's on an open
net so could he really have missed and
that was the final so 6-2 victory in the
final extremely convincing and thank
goodness they finally have a new
tournament out or it's about to be out
how to join the advanced cup to play one
more game because I wanted to give you
guys just a little bit more in this
episode and of course we'll be able to
finish off the advanced cup eventually
but this guy's got a 431
to BPL sign for 312 sites can make me a
bit nervous at time as many of you guys
know that is one of the formations that
I kind of I can sometimes have a little
bit of trouble with books Edna sin and
somehow that's a goal I'm not exactly
sure how that categorizes is an own goal
I would have thought that would have
been given to the center back but it was
not in regardless i'm going to take that
one nil victory and be happy about it
this guy was a very good opponent um
this was just bizarre rafinha standing
over there and eventually decides to
pick it up or neymar decides to pick it
up and plays in Leia and fir a left-back
he scoring goals for us and can you
really go wrong with that the answer is
absolutely not he's now got to for us
and that's his right foot of in that
shot I haven't checked but I would want
to say he is indeed left footed and so
his weak foot on his right foot is
actually quite good thought i was a bit
unlucky not to steal the ball from him
right there but he finds Tevez he was
never gonna miss a little shot like that
thought I almost blocked it but I did
not and shortly after that I knew my
passing sequences we're gonna have to be
clean against this guy he was a strong
defender he was using contained well
second man contain all good things
defensively are all things that are
strong defensively in FIFA so I kind of
had to wait for that slow build-up and
let my chances come to me eventually if
you work it side to side just kind of
like in real football the defense is
going to break down some and a little
unlucky enough to finish with Pato but
it falls to robinho in the box for a
poaching ability right there 79th minute
seals the deal for us 321 as I said
before guys remember to head over to
Facebook and put in your vote WWF ace
book calm / air James FIFA let me know
which four nations you would like to see
for a deck decider other than that a
thumbs up is always greatly appreciated
my name is JP and I will catch you all
next time